h1. Drag-Drop Sortable for ActiveScaffold

This plugin has been updated to be compatible with both rails 2.2 and 2.3, as well as having the ability to work inside a nested_scaffold

h2. Overview

This plugin enables those slicker-than-snot ajax drag-drop sortable elements on your active-scaffold page, with so little configuration you almost get it for free.

h2. Installation

You'll need at least ActiveScaffold 1.1.1 to use this, and probably rails 2.0


<pre>
# rails 2.0
git clone git://github.com/joneski/active_scaffold_sortable.git vendor/plugins/active_scaffold_sortable
</pre>

h2. Usage

h4. Step 1

Create a model with a column named 'position':

<pre>
# app/models/entry.rb

# id           integer
# title        string(255)
# birthday     date
# position     integer

class Entry < ActiveRecord::Base
end
</pre>

h4. Step 2

Create your scaffold controller 

<pre>
# app/controllers/entries_controller.rb

class EntryController < ApplicationController
  active_scaffold :entries do |config|
    config.actions << :sortable
  end
end
</pre>

and layout

<pre>
# app/views/layouts/application.rhtml
<html>
<head>
  <title>active scaffold demo application</title>
  <%= javascript_include_tag :defaults %>
  <%= active_scaffold_includes %>
</head>
<body>
  <%= yield %>
</body>
</html>
</pre>

h4. Step 3

If you're using restful routes, append this to your route in routes.rb:

<pre>
  map.resources :tasks, :active_scaffold => true, :active_scaffold_sortable => true
</pre>

h2. Notice:

If you'd like to use a different column name, put this line in your controller:

<pre>
...
active_scaffold :entries do |config|
  config.sortable.column = :position
end
...
</pre>

h2. Contributing

Fork, hack, push, and request a pull:

http://github.com/joneski/activescaffold/active_scaffold_sortable/

